# Customer Success Platform

## Project Overview

Welcome to the Promact Customer Success Platform! Our platform is designed to streamline your customer success operations and enhance your interactions with clients. Below, you'll find a comprehensive guide on how to set up and run the project locally, along with an overview of the project structure and the technologies we've employed.

## About this solution

This is a minimalist, non-layered startup solution with the ABP Framework. All the fundamental ABP modules are already installed. 

### Pre-requirements

* [.NET 8.0+ SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet)
* [Node v18 or 20](https://nodejs.org/en)

### Configurations

The solution comes with a default configuration that works out of the box. However, you may consider to change the following configuration before running your solution:

* Check the `ConnectionStrings` in `appsettings.json` files under the `Promact.CustomerSuccess.Platform` project and change it if you need.

### Before running the application

#### Generating a Signing Certificate

In the production environment, you need to use a production signing certificate. ABP Framework sets up signing and encryption certificates in your application and expects an `openiddict.pfx` file in your application.

This certificate is already generated by ABP CLI, so most of the time you don't need to generate it yourself. However, if you need to generate a certificate, you can use the following command:

```bash
dotnet dev-certs https -v -ep openiddict.pfx -p a2a5a8af-14c6-4374-a8f3-908165814c47
```

> `a2a5a8af-14c6-4374-a8f3-908165814c47` is the password of the certificate, you can change it to any password you want.

It is recommended to use **two** RSA certificates, distinct from the certificate(s) used for HTTPS: one for encryption, one for signing.

For more information, please refer to: https://documentation.openiddict.com/configuration/encryption-and-signing-credentials.html#registering-a-certificate-recommended-for-production-ready-scenarios

> Also, see the [Configuring OpenIddict](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/latest/Deployment/Configuring-OpenIddict#production-environment) documentation for more information.

#### Install Client-Side Libraries

Run the following command in the directory of your final application:

```bash
abp install-libs
```

> This command installs all NPM packages for MVC/Razor Pages and Blazor Server UIs and this command is already run by the ABP CLI, so most of the time you don't need to run this command manually.

### How to Run

The application needs to connect to a database. Run the following command in the `Promact.CustomerSuccess.Platform` directory to migrate the database and seed the initial data:

````bash
dotnet run --migrate-database
````

This command will create and seed the initial database. Then you can run the application with any IDE that supports .NET.

## Setup Guide

### Local Setup

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/nishu-mns/Promact_Customer_Success_Platform 
   ```  

### Frontend Setup

1. **Navigate to the Frontend folder:**
    ```bash
    cd Customer_Success_Platform_Client
    ```

2. **Install Dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3. **Start the Frontend Server:**
   ```bash
    ng serve --o
   ```

Once both the backend and frontend servers are running, access the application by navigating to the provided URL in your browser.


## Technologies Used

1. **Angular:** A TypeScript-based open-source web application framework maintained by Google for building dynamic single-page applications (SPAs) and progressive web applications (PWAs).

2. **Abp.io:** and **ASP.NET:** Abp.io is a web application framework for .NET, designed for building web applications and APIs.

4. **PostgreSql:** It is used as a database.

## Why Customer Success Platform?

The Customer Success Platform addresses several key objectives:

1. **Enhanced Communication:** Improving transparency and keeping stakeholders informed about updates and changes within the system.
2. **Efficiency:** Automating notification processes to save time and effort compared to manual methods.
3. **Improved Stakeholder Engagement:** Providing timely updates to increase stakeholder engagement and satisfaction.
4. **Competitive Advantage:** Offering a transparent and responsive communication process to differentiate from competitors.

## About the Project

The Customer Success Platform aims to optimize customer success operations by providing a centralized hub for managing client interactions. Key features include:

- **Client Management:** Easily manage client information and interactions.

- **Task Tracking:** Keep track of tasks and deadlines related to client accounts.

- **Communication Tools:** Facilitate seamless communication with clients through integrated messaging features.

- **Analytics Dashboard:** Gain insights into customer satisfaction and engagement metrics through interactive dashboards.

## Functionality

### Email Notification System

A system to send email notifications to stakeholders for updates and changes within the platform.

### Export as a Document

Implement functionality to export project details as a document in a predefined format.

### CRUD operations for all tables

You can add, update, read or delete informations related to the projects according to your roll.

## Third-party Integration

Implemented "Auth0 authentication" for seamless login and logout functionalities. Utilizing the single-page application (SPA) architecture, users can securely access the system, enhancing both user experience and data security.

## Deploying the application

Deploying an ABP application is not different than deploying any .NET or ASP.NET Core application. However, there are some topics that you should care about when you are deploying your applications. You can check ABP's [Deployment documentation](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/latest/Deployment/Index) before deploying your application.

### Additional resources

You can see the following resources to learn more about your solution and the ABP Framework:

* [Application (Single Layer) Startup Template](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/latest/Startup-Templates/Application-Single-Layer)
* [LeptonX Lite Angular UI](https://docs.abp.io/en/abp/latest/Themes/LeptonXLite/Angular)